docs(faq): rewrite github hosted app section (#23184)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/faq.md

If you're using the hosted app, you don't need to do anything, as the Renovate maintainers update the hosted app regularly.
If you're self hosting Renovate, use the latest release if possible.

> ## When is Renovate's GitHub hosted app updated?

Author: Am I allowed to use the `'` character in the heading? I suspect this `'s` thing will break something in the docs or in the tests.

Reviewer: you can always flip it with "of"
```suggestion
## When is the GitHub hosted app of Renovate updated?
```

> ## When is the GitHub hosted app of Renovate updated?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## When is the Mend Renovate GitHub hosted app updated with new Renovate versions?
```
